I did it and I liked it
I am and one of those smile is his
barber they did to have him shape it up
so I might need to bend a little bit
shorter I tried to get as much of the
relaxed and softens I could but that's
in my husband would not help me cut my
hair he said he was that don't be the
reason why I'm mad at him if you mix it
a bit he didn't help me with this but he
likes it he actually has been asking me
to cut my hair short for a while
he likes short hair so but he likes it
and I like it and I do it I feel good I
feel really good about it um I don't
know
is your hair I just like it though you
know so I can understand okay I'm
natural I'm five months pulse relaxer so
I guess I have people with both of them
are different I work you keep away how
many months culture war and then you
keep up with when you start at natural
knowledge I don't know if I'm a two-hour
late at night March 22nd is when I
became natural song I think that's what
i'ma keep up we I don't know I'm I do
both so that's it well again never say
what you would never do because you
never know what might happen and I never
say thought I was rocket TWA I'll but I
am and I never thought I was going a
true but I am so I feel good about it
I'm gonna do I don't know if I will wear
any weeds or weekly anything like that
you know that just I like this so I
don't know I might end up doing
something
one day but I would stop rambling I feel
great thank you for everybody your
encouraging words and your support so
those who really don't like this look I
don't know what to tell you because I am
extremely happy with it and maybe the
force blowing this back out do it back
down my back I guess that'll be my next
thing and make sure I keep it healthy
and just like that and I definitely got
to do a lot of research and I've been
looking a lot of videos on products and
what's doing honest in there because I
don't know really much what to do with
it song that's it and you guys this will
continue to pray for me and my family I
would definitely go to you pray for you
you guys also pray for me with my school
in it's really really really really
getting grimy with this nursing and it's
a lot of work a lot of studying a lot of
dedication and time consuming and you
know so I've been putting YouTube on
kind on the back burner but I really
need to get this done so y'all pray for
me that I continue to make it through
continue make the grades and stuff like
that so I will be updating you guys you
know whenever I do something different
or just to show you guys my growth or
whatever I love it except I think I'm
gonna make videos
you